# Price-Levels

Levels is used to automate supply and demand levels of a stock. While trying to learn the trading world, I found that certain price levels offer different trends. For example, if a stock commonly trades at a price of $100, it tends to be far less liquid at that price level than if it was trading at an all-time high, or near. Therefore, my idea was that if I can write an algorithm to detect frequent price levels, I can make an educated guesses for where the future price may be headed.  If the current price is liquid and not near any common price level, I can make the assumption that, if in a bullish trend, it will consolidate at the nearest level that is greater than the current price. If the stock is in a bearish trend, it would be reasonable to assume it may slow down/consolidate at the nearest price level that is below the current price. 

Although I do not currently have this algorithm set up with backtesting, I believe it can be used with other trend indicators to provide profitable results. I have messed around with some stratgies that use Levels with buy/sell conditions, that were in fact profitable, but I did not want to upload since really think I can make something far more effective. My goal is to use this on multiple time-frames, such as finding the 4hr levels while trading on a 5m or 15m time-frame - however the way I have coded the level detection algorithm is extremely greedy and is very brute-force. Im sure there are far more efficent methods of acheiving the same result, and will continue looking into it. 
